# Various scripts for WingIDE

[WingIDE](http://wingware.com) is a powerful Python IDE with advanced scripting capabilities. This repository aims at collecting scripts I have written for it.

## Distutils panel

This is a panel to run Distutils `setup.py` and to collect errors and warnings.

### Build button

When the `Build` button is pressed, the following command is executed in the directory of the project file:

```bash
    python -u setup.py build_ext -i
```

where `python` is the Python executable for the current project. It is therefore required that there is a project and that there is a suitable `setup.py` sitting in the directory of that project file. An error dialogue is displayed if it is not so. Then

- build errors are gathered and displayed in a list: clicking one of them opens an editor window displaying the faulty file with the faulty line highlighted;

- the full text output by the build command is also displayed in another tab.

The panel currently detects and finds the following type of errors:

- Python errors, resulting from an incorrect `setup.py`,
- [Cython](http://cython.org) errors, and
- clang/gcc errors.

MSVC is not supported yet.

### Clean button

When the `Clean` button is pressed, the following command is executed in the directory of the project file:

```bash
    python -u setup.py clean -a
```

This Distutils command does not clean the files inside the source directory generated by our in-place build. Therefore an extra cleaning is then performed, removing all shared libraries as well as all C or C++ files generated by Cython. The latter are detected by looking at a tailtale sign in the first line.

Warning: in the off-chance that you generated a C file from a pyx file and then got rid of the latter to keep only the former, then you could loose that C file.

### Commands

This panel add the following commands:

- `distutils_build_in_place`: this is the same action performed by the `Build` button.

A keyboard shortcut may be assigned to any of them in the usual way, through `Preferences > Keyboard > Custom Key Bindings`.

